# Project 6
## by Branson Stickney

* The first things I had to do in order to complete this project was collect all the sounds I needed. Since the project said "several" voices, I decided to go with 6 different people, including myself. I used my phone to record every line that can be heard for each person. I also selected 6 lines that each person would say, for a total of 36 sounds plus 1 error sound (which I created). After each line was recorded on my phone, I then emailed them to myself so I could use a free online converter to convert the audio files from a .mp4 file to a .wav file. The audio files needed to be in the .wav format so that Eclipse could read the audio file correctly. The last thing I needed to do was collect pictures for each person, so the Icon for each button could be changed depending on who is selected when the button is pressed. Finally, I copied all the audio files and pictures into the project folder to be called upon by the program.
* The next thing on the todo list was to create the frame and add the panels which contains the other components needed to complete all the task required, like buttons, labels, drop down boxes, and an output text field. I first created the base panel with a grid layout of 2 rows and 1 column. The base panel contains the soundboard panel and the calculator panel, since each panel has separate functions. The soundboard has the layout of 4 rows and 2 columns. The soundboard simply contains a label, a dropdown box, and 6 buttons that when pressed will play the sound with the selected voice. The calculator panel is split into two panels; the picker panel (the panel that will contain components to "pick" wich station ID so calculate for) and the button/output panel (the panel will contain the 4 calculator buttons and the output text field). 
* Then, I needed to add all the functionality to the buttons. The first buttons I worked on were the calculator buttons, since those action listeners were going to be short and pretty simple. The calculator compares the two Station ID's ASCHII character value sums. The difference button calculates the difference in the two string ASCHII values and outputs the difference (which will always be positive). The sum button adds the two string values together. The product button multiplies them, and the quotient button divides the first station value by the second station value (outputs a double value because of the division). The soundboard buttons were a little more difficult to code. I ended up writing long if-else statements to decide which voice was selected, and then the correct audio file is selected and played. Also when the button is pressed, the button icon is set to be the image of the person of the voice which is selected. 
* The final actions that took place were fitting the images, buttons, texts, and dropdown box to create a pleasible look for the application. 
